10 Full Stack Projects

How to use a list?
The list contains a description of each project in the form of a user story. You need to pick a project and start working on each user story.
For Example -
In the voting app first, you will create a basic project in your favorite framework. Then first user story tells us to build a login registration feature in the app so we build that.Then next user story tells us to create a list or grid of polls which user will see upon opening the website. But for this you will first need to build the create poll feature which is in later user story.
I hope now it is clear how to use the list. If any questions let me know.

Voting app
User Story
I can log in or register
I can see a list of active polls without a login
I can vote in a poll
I can subscribe to a poll result so that I get an email when the results are out.
I can create a poll
I can invite users to vote on my poll
Nightlife Coordination
User Story
I can log in using my Twitter.
I can add a place I am visiting tonight.
I can see people visiting the same place as mine,
I can see places other people are going to so that I can join them.
Book trading website
User Story
I can login and register.
I can see posts by other users.
I can create a post for my book.
I can trade my book with the book I want.
I can give rating to the users I traded the book with.
Travel Log
User Story
I can create an entry of a place I visited.
I can set the title, description date of the visit, and other key fields about the visit.
I can delete/edit the entry.
I can upload photos or add google photos album link to an entry.
I can view photos of a visit or click on the google photos link will take me to the photos app/website.
Personal Developer Blog
User Story
I can see blog posts.
I can see comments on a post.
I can post a comment on a blog post.
I can add a star if I like a blog post.
I can add a heart if I really like the post.
I can add a white heart if I don't like the post.
True Companion
It is an app for people who are going through some difficulties in life and need someone to listen to them.

User Story
I can login/register anonymously.
I can see posts by other people who are facing some kind of problem.
I can open a post and request the post author for chat.
I can approve a chat request.
I can share images/photos and other kind of files in the chat.
I can report the person for any wrong behaviour or activity.
Collborative Story Writing
User Story
I can start a story post.
I can request a story author to contribute to their stories.
I can approve/reject the contribution request.
I can mark story as completed.
I can download the completed story as pdf.
Book reviews
A portal of book reviews and more.

User Story
I can search the book I am thinking to read.
I can see the reviews and rating by other fellow readers.
I can mark a review helpful/unhelpful.
I can report inappropriate review.
Browser Based Voice Calling App
User Story
I can login/register.
I can import my contact emails.
I can see my if any of my contact is online.
I can call my contacts.
I can pick a call.
Video Calling App
User Story
I can login/register.
I can import my contact emails.
I can see my if any of my contact is online.
I can call my contacts.
I can pick a call.
I can mark my visiblity public or hidden.
I can see all users who have marked their visiblity public and start a call ( like omegele)
I can enter omegele mode where I will matched with a random user.
I can change the user in omegele mode.
